README.md, before:

# [Hellō](https://www.hello.coop/) identity provider(IdP) client in PHP

|Tests | Coverage |
| :----: | :------: | 
| [![Test Status](https://github.com/UnnikrishnanBhargavakurup/hellocoop/actions/workflows/php-tests.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/UnnikrishnanBhargavakurup/hellocoop/actions) | [![Coverage](https://codecov.io/gh/UnnikrishnanBhargavakurup/hellocoop/graph/badge.svg?token=GFPX13L1TM)](https://codecov.io/gh/UnnikrishnanBhargavakurup/hellocoop) |



### Code Quality: Pre-Commit Hook for Linting

To maintain code quality in this project, we use a pre-commit hook for automatic linting of code before each commit. To set up the pre-commit hook, follow the steps below:

1. **Copy the pre-commit hook to your Git hooks directory**:

   Run the following command to copy the `pre-commit` hook to the `.git/hooks/` folder:

   ```bash
   cp pre-commit .git/hooks/
   ```

2. **Make the hook executable** (if it’s not already):

   ```bash
   chmod +x .git/hooks/pre-commit
   ```

This will ensure that the hook runs automatically whenever you try to commit your code, helping maintain consistent code quality across the project.

## License

[![Licence](https://img.shields.io/github/license/Ileriayo/markdown-badges?style=for-the-badge)](./LICENSE)

Commit message:

Updated README.md with new introduction and refined details

README.md, after:

# [Hellō](https://www.hello.coop/) identity provider (IdP) client in PHP

| Tests | Coverage |
| :----: | :------: | 
| [![Test Status](https://github.com/UnnikrishnanBhargavakurup/hellocoop/actions/workflows/php-tests.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/UnnikrishnanBhargavakurup/hellocoop/actions) | [![Coverage](https://codecov.io/gh/UnnikrishnanBhargavakurup/hellocoop/graph/badge.svg?token=GFPX13L1TM)](https://codecov.io/gh/UnnikrishnanBhargavakurup/hellocoop) |

## Introduction

### For Users
Hellō helps users register and log in using their choice of popular social logins, email, or phone—without being tracked. Hellō is a cloud identity wallet with a mission to empower users to control their identity.

### For Developers
The easiest and quickest way to onboard and authenticate your users with popular social providers, verified email, and phone. Hellō can be integrated into your application in minutes, not hours.

### Code Quality: Pre-Commit Hook for Linting

To maintain code quality in this project, we use a pre-commit hook for automatic linting of code before each commit. To set up the pre-commit hook, follow the steps below:

1. **Copy the pre-commit hook to your Git hooks directory**:

   Run the following command to copy the `pre-commit` hook to the `.git/hooks/` folder:

   ```bash
   cp pre-commit .git/hooks/
   ```

2. **Make the hook executable** (if it’s not already):

   ```bash
   chmod +x .git/hooks/pre-commit
   ```

This will ensure that the hook runs automatically whenever you try to commit your code, helping maintain consistent code quality across the project.

## License

[![Licence](https://img.shields.io/github/license/Ileriayo/markdown-badges?style=for-the-badge)](./LICENSE)
